On December 12, 2014, the Rostov Regional Court ruled on appeal of the criminal case of
16 of Jehovah's Witnesses in Tagunrog.
The witnesses hoped that the appeal court would end the unjust prosecution and acquit them
of all charges.
Instead, the judge ordered a new trial.
The court ordered the criminal case to be done by the court to rule the case of the murder of the
criminal case of the criminal case of the criminal case of the criminal case of the criminal case of the criminal case of the criminal case.
The point in this question is not presented.
All of the time, in the case, you can tell the court of the legal witness of the Tagunrog in Tagunrog.
And the Rostov Regional Court did not give a answer to this question.
He said that this answer will be decided by the new case of the Tagunrog.
The initial trial in the Taginrog city court began over two years ago.
The retrial began in the same court in January 2015.
Jehovah's Witnesses expected a decision in June.
But the judge postponed ruling on the case until some time later in 2015.
The lengthy legal proceedings have, of course, taken their toll on the accused.
The judge was obliged to conduct his time in court proceedings.
In October 2015, I had no work left, because the workers didn't manage my part of the court.
Therefore, he said that at the same time, either you go to work or you go to the court.
So, of course, I was forced to write a statement about my own desire to be elected.
My mother is the third group, and we live with her on a small scale.
It's about 6000 rubles.
And, of course, I wanted to show a normal material idea, but I couldn't do it physically, so I'm at the same time.
The criminal trial is particularly difficult for the Tetsuk family,
because the authorities have criminally charged four members of the same family.
The judge asked me to take my son and daughter.
I was sentenced to three years in the Soviet Union.
And today, I have to go through all this again.
In the whole world, I began to suffer with health.
I've been in hospital twice already.
And what else can I do for five years?
My age is already too high.
We live with the husband, for our daughter, Snijana.
She is very worried.
She understands that her parents can recognize her new ones.
And she also worries about her grandfather, who threatens the real trial of five-year-old prison.
I feel it clear.
Because my father, in the Soviet Union, had a trial of prison.
The fact that he refused his faith.
And I don't understand why our modern Russia is repeating the same thing.
Last year, the Taginrog city court convicted seven of the sixteen accused for so-called extremist activity.
The judge heavily fined all seven and sentenced four of them to imprisonment of up to five and a half years.
But the decision was reversed.
The judge acquitted the other nine witnesses on technical grounds,
but nevertheless held that they had engaged in extremist activity.
It is interesting that the situation with the liquidation of the local religious organization of the Taginrog city was very similar to the one that was in Moscow in 2004.
Then the European Court of Human Rights decided that the liquidation of the juridical street of the Taginrog city was illegal.
The government recently registered the local religious organization of the Taginrog city in Moscow and paid compensation.
But the fact of the Taginrog city has gone on for a long time.
The authorities are using the threat of a foreign exchange as a way to update the victims of the illegal.
The events that happen in recent times are the fact that the government of the Russian Federation has significantly strengthened its pressure on the victims of the illegal.
Russia is the only country in the world that has blocked the official website of the organization.
Our religious literature has been established.
We cannot even enter the Bible.
In the Taginrog city, in Samaria and Minsk, our local religious organization is prohibited.
My personal belief in the Taginrog city is very proud of me.
When I was four years old, my family was sent to Ukraine in Siberia, only for me,
that my parents were not allowed to live here. I was born in the village.
Now, 16 people are not allowed to live here.
People in the modern Russia will be sent to the prison only for the fact that they believe in God.
Or they will always be protected by the right to the freedom of faith, guaranteed by the Constitution of Russia.